What's happening?
Manager.
The computers are down.
Mine too.
Sorry. Tianxin.
I come here very early
to prepare for the meeting.
Solve the issue first.
Is IT department sending their men here?
Not yet.
Excuse me.
Yes.
Tianxin,
here is the IT guy.
It is you.
I just want to ask,
Stop it.
Computers are virus-affected and files are damaged.
We are all waiting for you.
Fix it now.
What?
Fix the computers.
I don't know why.
We cannot open all the files
in the hard disc and the flash disc too.
Let me have a look at it.
Turn off the Wi-Fi.
Turn off the intranet too.
OK.
How long will it take for finding the virus?
How many computers?
Four.
Two and a half hours.
Too long.
They need to be fixed
before the meeting.
No bargain.
Take all the computers here.
I am confused,
why are your computers
and your systems are
not matching.
Any commercial spies?
Tianxin sister
Boss. I am not.
Stop talking.
Don't be anxious
in the company.
This is not professional.
Done.
Great.
Move them back.
Prepare the meeting now.
No problem.
This is not a
big problem.
You should update your anti-virus database regularly,
and also the fire-wall.
Good job.
This time is lucky.
But who knows next time.
It tells us,
our company is without
internet security sense.
You should pay more attention to it.
Who? Me?
Pervert in the lift.
Now you act like a gentleman.
Naive
What are you waiting for?
The chairman is coming.
Now prepare the meeting.
We are planning to
remove the old buildings in this area.
And we will build a fashion office building
as a landmark in Shanghai.
I don't think so.
We are in a senior stuff meeting of the Jian Gong Group.
Who are you?
It is him again?
Director Lin, I will handle it.
Tell me your idea.
Jian Gong Group
is a construction company. That is correct.
To build is a good thing.
But here is a traditional residential area.
If we remove them all,
it won't be rebuilt.
Not possible.
Jian Gong Group can do
this towards the traditional culture?
I want to know who you are.
Jian Gong Group should do
is to keep the culture, not
removing the culture.
Allow me to show my slides.
Is it a joke?
To keep these old houses,
the space for Jian Gong group to
build will be smaller.
What do we sell?
Our company won't earn money.
Whose assistant are you?
I believe,
we can build a culture park
without changing the framework
and appearance of the houses.
Next page.
This is a project by
MUJI and UR.
Old buildings, new frameworks.
Use partial changes to merge the whole buildings,
and it increases considerably
the value of the houses.
We can use this new concept
to this project.
Frankly,
you just know how to do business
by your existing experience.
This way of thinking
is out of date.
Too arrogant!
Money.
I am talking about money.
Miss Fang. Who is this guy?
Sorry. Please leave this room.
Old building, New proposal.
By my plan,
the company benefit
will be added on 20% more
than you proposal.
This is my plan.
Please take a look.
Miss Fang. Call the guards.
No need.
He is our new general manager, Wang Shuo.
He just came back from the US.
I haven't made an introduction
to the board.
My son will come back from the US
next week.
He will be the general manager
of our group.
Please arrange the office for him.
I am Wang Shuo. Good to meet the board.
Wang is young,
and aggressive.
But the proposal is not bad.
Development plan is also
good but need to be more specific.
We share the file,
and we discuss about it next week.
Why do you come back to the company ahead of the plan
without a call?
I don't even know that.
I just want to know the company
objectively.
Miss Fang.
Is his office
Ready?It is ready.
Mr. Wang can be there anytime.
Great.
Miss Fang had been working in Jian Gong Group for 11 years.
She helps me a lot.
Anything you need,you just let her know.
I am thinking now,
someone is dereliction of duty in the company,
needed to paid more attention.
Who?
Miss Fang.
Miss Fang did a
good job always.
No mistake after the first day she joined in.
Why do you say that?
No mistake?
Three big mistakes he made within
the half of day when I just know her.
First,
All the computers in the secretary room
get virus infected.
Second,
Without any permission,
She just though a stranger
as a IT department
colleague.
Today, it was me that fixed the computers.
What if
our customers come?
Third,
In the senior board meeting,
I don't wear any
company badge.
And I am free to enter the room.
In my opinion,
she made mistakes everywhere.
Sorry.
Mr. Wang is correct.
He is telling the emergencies happening in this morning.
It is my fault.
I accept any punishment from the board.
Give me a report
tomorrow.
Chairman Wang,
even though you've worked with each other
for 11 years.
But by
this ways of management,
is not a good influence to our company
that is a public listed company.
We will be at risk.
That is because I
put you in your chair now.
To manage the company
in a better way.
Don't be too aggressive,
step by step.
Chairman Wang.
Mr. Wang.
Chairman Wang will have a meeting with
strategy department in 5 minutes.
By booking,
you have to make another appointment.
Don't you think
I finish my talk
to Chairman Wang?
I understand.
But Chairman Wang had
finished his talk.
His schedule is full
within these days.
What if
you come back at 2 p.m.
after three days?
Sun. Please lead
Mr. Wang to his office.
No problem. Boss.
Mr. Wang, please this way.
Miss fang.
Have you heard about
duty exceeding,
like, exceed your authority for someone else.
I have to
remind you
you are an assistant
to Chairman.
You don't have authority
to be on top of Chairman and me.
This seems ridiculous and uncomfortable.
Mr. Wang,
If it is really
happened,
I will pay more
attention to it.
Not enough, Miss Fang.
You have to get rid of it totally.
Mr. Wang.
This is the office
Miss Tianxin arranging for you.
Miss Tianxin?
Is it good to caller her like that,
in the company?
No. It isn't.
Sorry. Mr. Wang.
I mean, Miss Fang, Secretary Fang.
Mr. Wang.
Secretary Fang had been in the company for 11 years.
She is in good relationship with Chairman Wang.
She is his right hand employee.
Who needs to make appointment with Chairman,
or send a message to him,
should go to her first.
She is the representative of Chairman Wang.
She passes the orders
from Chairman Wang.
Why do you tell me that?
Go back to work.
Please call me anytime
if anything you need.
OK.
Human resources department?
I am Wang Shuo.
Give me all the files
of Fang Tianxin.
That is it.